John Smith 

 info@greatresumesfast.com │ 800-991-5187 │ Callahan, FL │ linkedIn.com/in/jessicaholbrook

 technology solutions leader + strategic thinker 

 20+ years of experience bringing people together, breaking down barriers, and delivering solutions

 High energy, analytical, and service-oriented professional with a history of providing mindful leadership to improve
 technical capabilities and increase HR and operational performance for global organizations such as Acme, Red.com, and
 Floral World Inc. Proven expertise strategizing, designing, building, implementing, and optimizing technology solutions to
 move a business forward. 

 Rare ability to infuse kindness and compassion into daily operations—delivering advanced business systems with strong IT
 / CORE governance while engaging and empowering the people who dedicate themselves to learning, collaborating, and
 overcoming business and technical challenges every day. 
 core strengths + attributes 

 8 Business Systems Strategy 8 System Roadmap Sequencing 8 Organizational Transformation
 8 CORE Methodology + Governance 8 Project Portfolio Management 8 Client + Partner Communications

 8 People Development + Coaching 8 Change Management 8 System Support + Optimization

 career highlights 

 ACME │ White Flint, MD 
 Senior Project Manager, Global HR Solutions - 20xx to Present 
 As the first project manager in the Global HR Solutions organization, defined the role and CORE function, maximized budgets,
 and infused user-centered design, best practices, and truly accountable leadership into daily operations.
 8 Managed the global HR technology roadmap including cross-program strategic planning, sequencing, and project life
 cycle execution; projects required extensive localization / translation management and organizational readiness.
 8 Oversaw and optimized the global HRSN platform, redesigned the compensation platform, rebuilt the global
 recruiting technology platform, and participated in recreating the executive business strategy roadmap.

 8 Presented updates, insights, challenges, and risks to StatCo and Senior Leadership governance boards.
 8 Architected and influenced adoption of the user-centered design methodology, project delivery life cycle, and
 program governance processes. 

 RED.COM │ Blue Hill, MD 
 Program Manager, CORE - 20xx to 20xx 

 Established the CORE with formal processes for seamless project and portfolio management, resource allocation, and
 performance measurement at the intersection of business and technology. Presented to the executive team.
 8 Increased customer and artist engagement 45% and drove sales 35% by managing marketplaces and galleries through
 the Illustrator framework and aligning business and IT stakeholders to accelerate delivery of new product features.
 8 Directed the transition from three legacy data centers to a single class-A facility—completed the $4M project in 2.0
 years and saved $525K in annual expenses. 
 8 Contributed to product line expansion and cost savings by managing multi-phased business/technology process
 implementation for the company’s first drop-ship business channel. 
 8 Led expansion project with localized e-commerce stores (integrated with SEO, SSM, and Intel ABR) in 18+ countries.

 John Smith 

 FLORAL WORLD INC. │ Chicago, IL 
 Senior Technology Project Manager, Delivery Services + CORE - 20xx to 20xx 
 Envisioned, guided, and delivered solutions to increase cross-functional business capacity and support profitability for the
 world’s top floral company and provider of specialty gifts (and its 20 subsidiary brands). Regularly presented to C-suite
 executives. 
 8 Executed the CTO’s enterprise platform standardization program. 
 8 Led migration to leading-edge warehouse management system with business intelligence reporting tools, and
 streamlined order processing and fulfillment processes. The $4M project increased inventory accuracy 32% and
 expanded capacity to pave the way for $8M in future potential. 

 8 Managed the finance vertical portfolio, provided call center program management, and directed on-site IT operations
 for the Illinois fulfillment center. 

 WHOLE FOODS INC.│ High Tower, FL 
 Technology Operations Manager, IT - 20xx to 20xx 

 Developed and motivated a team of professionals and managed IT budgets to enhance the functionality and performance of
 technology systems for Florida’s leading provider of food retail fulfillment services.
 8 Managed the company’s core infrastructure, order capture, and fulfillment technology platform.
 8 Directed the e-commerce strategy and product roadmap with a focus on customer experience and innovation.

 HANCOCK CONTRACTORS GROUP │ Sarasota, FL 
 Software Engineering Consultant - 20xx to 20xx 
 Provided expertise as principal software engineer and trusted consultant for client-driven projects.
 8 Contributed to improved inventory control and greater product selection for Food Network Club by architecting retail
 product management system that integrated with enterprise inventory management and fulfillment systems.

 8 Drove revenue for Jewels.com by developing e-commerce site with industry-first ring builder functionality.

 education + credentials 

 Bachelor of Science (BS) in Management Information Systems 
 State University College of Business │ White Flint, MD 
 credentials 

 Project Management Professional (PMP), Project Management Institute (PMI) 
 Certified CORE Master (CCM) 

 tools + community 

 Planning + Forecasting: QUADplan, MS Project, Numbers, Excel 
 Communication: Keynote, PowerPoint 
 Collaboration: Alfresco, Basecamp, SharePoint 
 Donor Network East Land, Give Life Community Evangelist 

 Page 2 of 2