☎ (+91) 85114 50603
 Sushant Kr. Rai 
 💻 www.sushantkumarrai.com
 ✉ 
 UX Designer sushantkumarrai7@gmail.com

 I am an India based UX designer and researcher with 10+ years of industry experience. I help businesses to expand
 their capacity by connecting their untouched hidden dots because I know how to balance desirability, feasibility and
 viability lenses to create the most valuable user experiences for products and businesses.

 LinkedIn - Behance - Dribbble 

 Experience Google / Senior UX Designer 
 May 2025 - Present - Bangalore, India 

 Enabling Google's next generation of user-centric AI and compute innovations at scale, I
 strategically partner with all Google Product Areas (including Google DeepMind and Google
 Research) and serve the needs of our largest Cloud consumers. My work directly impacts the
 customers who build products like YouTube, Search, Ads, GCP, and Google Workspace. I
 empower users to plan, order, manage, and optimize Google's immense compute fleet—the
 largest infrastructure on the planet—by delivering truly frictionless and intuitive experiences.

 My responsibilities include cultivating rapid innovation and prototyping for enterprise AI
 products. I collaborate closely with cross-functional teams (Designers, Researchers, UX
 Engineers, Software Engineers, & PMs) to craft intuitive, end-to-end UX journeys that address
 complex enterprise challenges. My work tangibly improves Google's critical Infrastructure
 platforms through high-quality designs and prototypes, influencing design strategy across
 multiple teams. 

 Google / UX Designer 3 

 Aug. 2022 - May 2025 - Bangalore, India 

 I was part of a global UX team responsible for managing both physical and virtual platforms and
 resources that enabled Cloud, AI/ML, and Tech Infra (TI) initiatives for Google. My work
 empowered Google to manage the end-to-end lifecycle of planning, monitoring, controlling,
 and optimizing fleet spend with transparency, accuracy, and efficiency. By improving
 predictability and accountability, my efforts contributed to reducing overall fleet costs.

 Honeywell International / UX Designer 2 

 Aug 2019 - Aug 2022 - Bangalore, India 

 I worked in the Honeywell Connected Enterprise (HCE)-Connected Plant domain, where my
 responsibilities were to deliver a world-class user experience for the Honeywell Connected
 Plant (HCP) portfolio. 

 During my tenure, I've supported 24+ major & minor product releases, worked on 3 projects
 & 10+ new product ideas, streamlined the UX engagement process for the teams, helped
 teams achieve 8-figure business through 15+ customer acquisitions.

 HCL Technologies / Senior UX Designer 
 Oct 2018 - Aug 2019 - Chennai, India 

 I Designed a Centralized Data Manager platform for Roche (Hoffmann - La Roche) in order to
 connect different analyzers (instruments) of the x800 family which consists of Cobas
 6800/8800 and STING analyzers. I also conducted user testing sessions to analyze and measure
 the user experience of a product for IEC 62366-1 regulatory compliance.

 [24]7.ai, Inc. / Interaction Design Intern (AI & UX/UI) 
 Jul 2017 - Jan 2018 - Bangalore, India 

 I Designed an internal communication platform for [24]7.ai chat agents by embedding artificial
 intelligence(AI) into their enterprise applications to create high-performance cultures that drive
 organizational success. 

 Independent Design Consultant / UX Consultant 
 June 2016 - Nov 2016 - Ahmedabad, India 

 Worked on new product concepts and mobile app design for an Ahmedabad-based industrial
 IoT company focused on developing and implementing predictive energy and asset intelligence
 for industries, commercial establishments and utilities. 

 Education National Institute of Design (NID) / Master of Design (M.Des) 
 New Media Design - 2015 - 2017 - Gandhinagar, India 

 I did a Master's in New Media Design, where I explored the possibilities with technologies and
 worked on experimental projects in different areas of User Experience, Interaction, Art,
 Architecture and New Media Design to understand the possibilities and relationships between
 digital and analog mediums. 

 Government College of Architecture / Bachelor of Architecture (B. Arch)
 2010 - 2015 - Lucknow, India 

 🏆 Batch Topper & Thesis Topper 

 I did my Bachelor's in Architectural Design, where I worked on various projects of Architecture,

 Interior Design, Furniture Design and Landscape Design. 

 Certification Courses 

 1: Foundations of User Experience (UX) Design by Google (Course Certificate)
 2: Introduction to Typography by California Institute of the Arts (Course Certificate)

 3: Fundamentals of Graphic Design by California Institute of the Arts (Course Certificate)

 Skills UX Strategy, Product Thinking, System Design, AI/ML UX, Cross-functional Collaboration, UX

 Research, Data-Informed Design, Inclusive Design, Service Design, Design Thinking, Interaction
 Design, Design Systems, UI Design, Agile Software Development 

 Design Thinking & Strategy 
 Organizing UX Workshops, Experience Mapping,Task Analysis, Information Architecture,
 Brainstorming, Why/How Laddering, Wireframes, Persons, Paper Prototyping, Scenarios,
 Storyboarding, Sketching, Contextual Inquiry, Work Model, User Testing, A/B Testing.

 Design Tools 
 Figma, Sketch, Adobe XD, InVision, Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, AfterEffects, PremierPro

 Prototyping 

 Sketching, Wireframing, Workshop, Model Making, 3D Printing, Laser Cutting.

 Interests 🐰Animals, 💰Coin Collecting, 🪁Kite Flying, 🪴Gardening, 🧶Crochet Knitting